Like, Andrea would get to overhear people talking, having sex, during everyday shit. She'd learn about the town and her curse. She'd find out most people don't realize no one leaves or enters there little town any more (at some point she'll find out that Maleficent did that to make sure no one, likes, takes over her kingdom while she's sleep and as time goes on, the idea of kings and queens is wiped from ..... no. she wasn't royalty. maybe some type of elder.... but does that mean i need to look up that kinda history? sigh.

Okay. so how could this really work. 

the Moors is still right outside the town, but after Andrea falls into her sleep, Maleficent does some things. She hides the town from the world. it's on the map, but it chances depending who is looking at it and everyone manages to go around, but never through it. the moors is hidden from world and the town, this is to make sure there can be no more of that there was. She puts Stefan to sleep, so that ends that war and while the townsfolk remember the Moors and the fairy and the war and why the child is sleep, they can't find the Moors and after a while it becomes more like a myth than a truth, but there is a girl sleep in a huge ass fucking house in the center of town and her father used to the be the mayor or chief or whatever word for "runs some shit" so people make sure she taken care of and still breathing and once time moves forward enough they give her an IV and a nurse and they lose track of how old she is. it was about 50 to 100 years from sleep time to dreamwalking. maybe Maleficent takes a long time to realize she can make a wish that will fix things, then she sneaks in and does the thing. people think the wings are fake, some kind of art and leave them be, along with the other shit in the house. 

okay, so how enters Miranda into the picture. the other version she was coming from a fairy land/Moors type place somewhere else, and they were at war with the humans near them and she was coming to find Maleficent for help, but if this story is going to happen in more current times, I'm not sure how or if that would work. I mean, its possible, it'd just be a _lot_ more work that it would be during medieval times and shit.
so why she pop up in this version and does she have the twins?
part of me wants to have her come in on her way somewhere else and gets lost and people are kinda confused and don't know what to do with her. and the kids like it there so she's not in a rush to leave, but she needs a job and right now the only thing open is Andrea's nurse. Miranda has always been able to dreamwalk, her mother taught her how, she will teach the twins (who can't do it until they are of age, so 20 or 23). she doesn't start out doing the thing until after she "feels" Andrea one night, because by the time Miranda arrives in town Andrea has been doing the dreamwalking for about a year, maybe three (or whatever number I wanna throw in there, they shit she does while dream walking -- or at least the conversations with Maleficent can stay they same form the main version/outline of the story). And when Miranda shows up Andrea kinda feels a draw to her and it's almost like a new toy typa thing.

then they get to talking and Miranda meets Maleficent at some point, not sure if that happens without or with Andrea they first time. 

then there's the `they become friends` bit of the story. Maleficent thinks it might be _true love_ if for no other reason who the fuck else is Andrea able to talk to or hang out with? but she keeps that to herself cuz she don't wanna jinx some shit.

then the whole `finally they kiss` bit and Andrea gets stuck.

oh. but if Miranda is already in the town, working as Andrea's nurse, then there's no "can she find the body" tension, just some tiny "will she figure out she needs to kiss her again" type tension. 

then the end.
